Styling docs (#7455)
TerriaJS/terriajs: doc/connecting-to-data/customizing-data-appearance/tabular-vector-data.md

Reviewer: It think it may be better to link to docs instead of traits

For example

- Instead of https://github.com/TerriaJS/terriajs/blob/main/lib/Traits/TraitsClasses/Table/StyleTraits.ts
- Link to https://docs.terria.io/guide/connecting-to-data/catalog-type-details/geojson/#tablestyletraits

   ![Styling side panel](./img/styling-side-panel.png)

3. Access advanced styling options:
   - Click the kebab menu (⋮) next to the layer name
   - Choose "Show advanced options"
   - Click the kebab menu again and select "Copy user stratum to clipboard"

You will get something similar to:

```json
{
  "url": "https://tiles.terria.io/static/auspost-locations.csv",
  "name": "Australian postcodes",
  "styles": [
    {
      "id": "Description",
      "color": { "colorPalette": "HighContrast" },
      "hidden": false
    }
  ],
  "activeStyle": "Description"
}
```

In the example above, the ID in the `styles` array usually represents the column name, and the `activeStyle` is the ID of the currently active style. You can now combine this with the layer definition in your initialization file, and the layer will be styled as you defined it whenever a user adds a dataset to the map.
Let's delve further into the available options.

## Controlling data appearance in the workbench

### activeStyle

If you want the dataset to start with a different column selected, use `activeStyle`:

```json
  "activeStyle": "id-of-style"
```

### columns

> If you want to change the appearance of individual columns, use `catalog items`s [`columns` trait](https://docs.terria.io/guide/connecting-to-data/catalog-type-details/geojson/#tablecolumntraits), eg:

Reviewer: nitpick
```suggestion
If you want to change the appearance of individual columns, use the catalog item's [`columns` trait](https://docs.terria.io/guide/connecting-to-data/catalog-type-details/geojson/#tablecolumntraits), eg:
```
